dude it's prom season which means
looking fresh to death Lego okay first
game you're using sleaks primer palette
in the pink and purple shade and then
I'm going to be using barians dazzle
dust in color 27 in the inner corner of
the eye just going to Pat that on gently
not adding too much because I want that
pink to still show underneath then I'm
going to be using some Goldie neutral
colors from my blush professional
palette and I'm going to be adding that
in the middle of my eye then I'm going
to be using this move brown color to add
into the crease just to add some depth
and shape mm-hmm just patting that on in
like a V shape then I'm going to be
using this bright purple color to add
some color and brightness and it's going
to add some depth as well into the
socket then I'm going to be using a
blending brush blend blend blend mmm
yeah get jiggy woods then in my
waterline I'm going to be using rimmel's
eyeliner and this is a nude color then
I'm going to line my lids with natural
collections eyeliner then I'm going to
be curling my eyelashes it looks like
it's killing me but um is actually all
right and then I'm going to be using
grow luscious mascara then I'm going to
be using soap and glories mascara this
called thick and fast it's so good
that's kind of a sexual innuendo why did
I not notice that anyway and I'm just
going to line that on just pack that
line what am I talking about but yeah
i'm going to add that to the top and
bottom lashes then i'm going to be using
these ebay lashes then I've moisturize
my lips no cracked lips it's not a good
look then I'm going to be adding a blush
on to my cheeks using elf blush brush
this is like a fuchsia color from the
blush professional palette I love it it
makes me look happy and free in life
then I'm going to highlight my face just
make it a little bit more you know
bronzed and glittery some that's going
on my nose and my chin and my forehead
dust dust dust so then oh yeah there's a
hair in my I already went anywhere I'm
going to be lining my lips with a nixes
lip liner yep just watching me liner
lips then I'm going to be using I think
it's rimmel's yet asia which I love is
like a really good neutral lipstick and
that's just going on top of the lip
liner then I'm going to be using rotten
wilds lipstick in like e 8 15 I'll put
it below but I'm just going to add that
into the middle of my lips just to make
it pop and be a bit more pinky then NYX
lip gloss is going on top of that i'm
not sure what color is i'm going to put
it below but yeah then I'm just going to
contour a little bit hi guys so yeah
this is the finished look and I hope you
like it it's quite a springtime e and
pinky and just a bit girly so yeah I
hope you enjoyed that subscribe like the
video if you want more makeup tutorials
favorite share if you want and yeah my
Twitter's that sweet poetry facebook is
that super tree everything will be below
instagram and all of that jazz but yeah
i hope you liked it play